So, let's go back and let's keep writing
this nice beautiful contract, right?
So what's the next thing we have to do.
I should be able to get my heroes
that I have generated, all right?
So how are we gonna store these
what is a good day data structure.
Does anyone in here want to yell out one
that I've mentioned before a few times?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bo mappings awesome.
I love to hear that.
So we're gonna go like this mapping.
We're gonna take an address.
Remember that's the person
who called the function.
So we're gonna map
an address to a list of Uns.
These are gonna be of course,
an array of UNs these are a dynamic array
that I can push, pop and remove from.
And of course we need to give a name so
I like to do this address
to address two heroes.
Curios actually is how you say it,
and there we go.
So now we have this, I tend to name
these things with their type in it.
Even though I shouldn't
really have to do that,
but it's just how I always kinda do things
when it comes to ether cuz the LSP just
isn't quite that great and
I don't get enough hints.
So I put kinda some basic
type information in here.
So there you go, we now have a mapping
from address to an array of heroes.
Now notice I'm gonna store our heroes.
What this mean is I'm storing our heroes.
In 256 bits, right?
Right, so now let's create
a function called Get heroes where
it's gonna be a public function
that's gonna be a view because
it's only reading data and
it's gonna returns a you int array.
And now we have to use
this memory keyword again.
Effectively memory refers to memory
that's created within a function.
If I were to use the term storage there,
that means memory that is
stored on the contract.
We actually technically can't
use the term storage right here.
But we're just gonna use the term memory
because it requires to say where it's
coming from.
It's not just gonna do a return us
my address two heroes to look it up.
Address two heroes message dot sender.
There we go.
So I'm just gonna look in this location.
If there is an array there,
it will properly return out an array.
Else it's gonna return out a zero
which will be converted by ethers and
be an array of zero.
So it's kinda fantastic,
it does all the right things.
It has nothing in there.
And so there we go.
We now have our beautiful little cat here.
And of course, what it also does is it
takes, read through all the values and
creates your storage array
into a memory location.
So you get the full array out, as opposed
to just the pointer to the array.
So that's what's actually
happening underneath the hood.
There we go.
We've now written a function called
Get heroes, which should work.
So let's write a course a test
to prove at least the base case,
that something happens, right?
So, it should get a zero hero array,
that seems about, right?
A sync function, do that, and
I can just simply go expect,
a weight hero.getheroes.
Sure, look at this it's
already filling it in for
me but incorrectly two with equal zero,
look at that.
We can also do that whole deep equals and
not do the whole length thing.
Other than that.
There we go.
We now went and called our function and
make sure there's no heroes to begin with,
right?
It should just simply have nothing in it.
Awesome, so I'm gonna go back here.
I'm gonna go to my other terminal and we
are gonna execute the test really quickly.
If you need me to jump back I'll jump
back and we can take a quick pause.
There we go.
I'll jump back to the contract so
the contract just kinda go over we
have an enum, that has three
values in it we have an address or
a mapping that takes in addresses and
produces out arrays.
We have a way to access that by doing
a view a non-state changing function which
means we could actually call those and
get data out from the outside and
we can even call it for free we only
need a provider we do not need a signer.
And then lastly, we have a function
that requires a signer and
requires eath for to execute.
I don't really know if you know
of a good way to do a chai test,
you can always send it to me and
we'll just use that instead.
But this is just how I've been
doing the chai test right now.
It's just like, capture the air and just
make sure it's saying what I want to say.
Cuz it wraps it in a bunch
of other information.
I'm sure there's some sort of expect
statement that can be like to throw air
and air contains.
I don't know.